[MI-3783]: Added the test cases for the plugin configuration on MS Te… (#17)
Brightscout/mattermost-test-management: data/test-cases/plugins/ms-teams-sync/plugin-configurations/Certificate_based_subscriptions.md

**Step 1**

1. Add the `certificate public` and `certificate key` in the plugin settings on MM.
2. Send a message in the linked channel or DM/GM on MS Teams.
3. Navigate to the linked channel or DM/GM on MM.

**Step 2**

1. Remove the `certificate public` and `certificate key` in the plugin settings on MM.
2. Send a message in the linked channel or DM/GM on MS Teams.
3. Navigate to the linked channel or DM/GM on MM.

**Expected**

The user should be able to verify the message sync at a faster pace in the linked channel or DM/GM on MM.

> After step 2, the user should get a slower pace in the messages sync in the linked channel or DM/GM on MM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After step 2, the user should get a message, which can be slower as compared to using certificate based subscriptions in the linked channel or DM/GM on MM.
```

**Expected**

The user should be able to verify the message sync at a faster pace in the linked channel or DM/GM on MM.

> After step 2, the user should get a message, which can be slower as compared to using certificate based subscriptions in the linked channel or DM/GM on MM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After step 2, the user should get a message, which can be slower as compared to messages while using certificate based subscriptions in the linked channel or DM/GM on MM.
```
